Add doc for statistics-service (#1032)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/concepts/statistics/index.md

---
title: Statistics Service
description: Provide usage statistics about a Keptn installation and optionally display them on a Swagger dashboard.

weight: 10

> icon: setup

Reviewer: Looks okay for now

---

The Statistics Service provides usage statistics about a Keptn installation.
You can access the service using the Keptn API
and view the results using the Swagger UI.

## Generate Swagger doc from source

First, install the `go` modules with the following commands:

```
go get -u github.com/swaggo/swag/cmd/swag
go get -u github.com/swaggo/gin-swagger
go get -u github.com/swaggo/files
```

To generate new source that updates the `swagger.yaml` file with new endpoints or models, execute the following:

```
swag init
```

## How to use the service

Access the Statistics Service through the Keptn API under the `statistics` path.
For example:

```
http://keptn-api-url.com/api/statistics
```

Use the following URL to view the swagger UI for the service:

```
http://keptn-api-url.com/api/swagger-ui/?urls.primaryName=statistics
```

> To browse the API docs, open the Swagger docs in your [browser](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html).

Author: Apparently this is a link to the local docs but it is a broken link if one is reading this on a system that is not running Keptn with the Statistics Service configured.  How can it be reworded?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To browse the API docs, open the Swagger docs in your browser, e.g. `${KEPTN_URL}/swagger-ui/index.html`.
```

Reviewer 2: In my environment - the URL is `/api/swagger-ui/`  -- it has the API in the path and index.html is not required to list.

Author: When we figure out how to resolve this issue here, I will generate a PR for https://github.com/keptn/keptn/blob/master/statistics-service/README.md  to fix the problem there until we de-duplicate the README text.
